build-std: context (#3)
davidtwco/rfcs: text/0000-build-std/2-history.md

and target , but this restriction was later resolved ([cargo#14317]).

A second flag, [`-Zbuild-std-features`][build-std-features], was added in
[cargo#8490] and allows overriding the default Cargo features of the standard
library. Like the arguments to `-Zbuild-std`, this values accepted by this flag
are inherently unstable as the library team has not committed to any of the
standard library's Cargo features being stable. Features are enabled on the
`sysroot` crate and propagate down through the crate graph of the standard
library (e.g. `compiler-builtins-mem` is a feature in `sysroot`, `std`,
`alloc`, and `core` until `compiler_builtins`).

build-std gets the source of the standard library from the `rust-src` rustup
component. This does not happen automatically and the user must ensure the
component has been downloaded themselves. Only the standard library crates from
the [rust-lang/rust] repository are included in the `rust-src` dependency (i.e.
none of the crates.io dependencies).

When `-Zbuild-std` has been passed, Cargo creates a second workspace for the
standard library based on the `Cargo.{toml,lock}` from the `rust-src` component.

> Originally this was a virtual workspace, prior to the standard library having a

Reviewer: I *think* this would be more technically correct
```suggestion
Originally this was an ephemeral workspace, prior to the standard library having a
```

Reviewer 2: I don't believe the virtual workspace was ephemeral, at least at the point it was removed. See [this comment](https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/pull/14358/files#diff-4729807f734690fc5a8a12545fa6bc9ccf1b9a87c91969d1af5f0803f714a769L128-L130) and the workspace constructor that was used before being removed

Reviewer: *sigh* so many different but slightly different ways of doing things.

For the intent of what is being said, "an in-memory workspace" would probably be best than.  `virtual` has specific meaning in cargo and I think this is using it in a way different than cargo (it was both an in-memory and virtual workspace but for the context here, the in-memory part is more relevant).

Author: Fixed in a99cd20

Reviewer: Thanks!
